---
layout: post
title: Getting Real (daily)
date: February 28, 2009 – Leesburg, VA
---

One year ago I sat down to read "37signals’":http://37signals.com popular book "Getting Real":http://gettingreal.37signals.com/, which is the "smarter, faster, easier way to build a successful web-based application."  I read it straight through, which isn't typical for me, and ever since then I've been meaning to read it again as a refresher and for inspiration.

Recently, the "CEO":http://twitter.com/jasonfried of 37signals "twittered":http://twitter.com/jasonfried/status/1188017567 about "The Random Reality" "bookmarklet":http://is.gd/kniX that, when clicked, serves up one of the book's essays randomly.  This got me thinking; instead of a _random_ essay, I would rather subscribe to a daily feed of the book in chronological order.  That is, one essay a day to start things off right. So, I whipped up something that I (and you) can subscribe to:

Getting Real (daily)
"http://gettingrealdaily.com":http://gettingrealdaily.com

So, go ahead and subscribe to get your daily dose of reality.

*NOTE:* If you subscribe using a newsreader like "Vienna":http://www.vienna-rss.org/vienna2.php you'll see the actual essay embedded in the feed.  If you use a web-based reader like "Google Reader":http://www.google.com/intl/en/googlereader/tour.html then you'll only see the essay title.  This is due to an implementation technicality (i.e. iframes).
*UPDATE:* I've made the "source code":http://github.com/chmurph2/gettingrealdaily/tree/master available on GitHub.
